Updated voice commands guide to include more information about duplicate strings (#455)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Speech and Audio/Setting Up Voice Commands/index.md

!@

### Unsupported Voice Commands
The library automatically filters out empty strings and whitespace-only strings from a voice command's @![iOS, javascript]array!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]list!@ of strings. For example, if a voice command has the following @![iOS, javascript]array!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]list!@ values: `[" ", "CommandA", "", "Command A"]` the library will filter it to: `["CommandA", "Command A"]`.

If you provide @![iOS, javascript]an array!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]a list!@ of voice commands which only contains empty string and whitespace-only strings across all of the voice commands, the upload request will be aborted and the previous voice commands will remain available.

### Duplicate Strings in Voice Commands

> Voice commands that are sent with duplicate strings in different voice commands—such as: `(Command1: ["Command A", "Command B"], Command2: ["Command B", "Command C"], Command3: ["Command D", "Command E"])`—the manager will abort the upload request. The previous voice commands will remain available.

Reviewer: Change to: (I can't suggest because the formatting gets wonky. Make sure to use the triple backticks to format the "code")

If voice commands that are sent with duplicate strings in different voice commands, such as: 

```
{
    Command1: ["Command A", "Command B"], 
    Command2: ["Command B", "Command C"], 
    Command3: ["Command D", "Command E"]
}
```

Then the manager will abort the upload request. The previous voice commands will remain available.

> Voice commands that are sent with duplicate strings in different @![iOS, javascript]arrays!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]lists!@ the following way `(["Command A", "Command B"], ["Command B", "Command C"], ["Command D", "Command E"])`, will also abort the upload request and the previous voice commands will remain available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Voice commands that are sent with duplicate strings in different voice commands—such as: `(Command1: ["Command A", "Command B"], Command2: ["Command B", "Command C"], Command3: ["Command D", "Command E"])`—the manager will abort the upload request. The previous voice commands will remain available.
```

> If any individual voice command contains duplicate strings, they will be reduced to one. For example, if the voice commands to be sent are: `(Command1: ["Command A", "Command A", "Command B"], Command2: ["Command C", "Command D"])`, the manager will strip the duplicates to: `(Command1: ["Command A", "Command B"],  Command2: ["Command C", "Command D"])`.

Reviewer: Change to:

If any individual voice command contains duplicate strings, they will be reduced to one. For example, if the voice commands to be sent are: 

```
{
    Command1: ["Command A", "Command A", "Command B"],
    Command2: ["Command C", "Command D"]
}
```

Then the manager will strip the duplicates to:

```
{
    Command1: ["Command A", "Command B"],
    Command2: ["Command C", "Command D"]
}
```

> In a case where the voice commands contains duplicate strings in the same @![iOS, javascript]array!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]list!@, they will be reduced to one. For example if the voice commands to be sent are: `(["Command A", "Command A", "Command B"], ["Command C", "Command D"])` will become: `(["Command A", "Command B"], ["Command C", "Command D"])`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any individual voice command contains duplicate strings, they will be reduced to one. For example, if the voice commands to be sent are: `(Command1: ["Command A", "Command A", "Command B"], Command2: ["Command C", "Command D"])`, the manager will strip the duplicates to: `(Command1: ["Command A", "Command B"],  Command2: ["Command C", "Command D"])`.
```

!@

### Unsupported Voice Commands
The library automatically filters out empty strings and whitespace-only strings from a voice command's @![iOS, javascript]array!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]list!@ of strings. For example, if a voice command has the following @![iOS, javascript]array!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]list!@ values: `[" ", "CommandA", "", "Command A"]` the library will filter it to: `["CommandA", "Command A"]`.

If you provide @![iOS, javascript]an array!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]a list!@ of voice commands which only contains empty string and whitespace-only strings across all of the voice commands, the upload request will be aborted and the previous voice commands will remain available.

### Duplicate Strings in Voice Commands

> Voice commands that are sent with duplicate strings in different voice commands—such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Duplicates Between Different Commands
Voice commands that are sent with duplicate strings in different voice commands, such as:
```

```
{
        Command1: ["Command A", "Command B"],
        Command2: ["Command B", "Command C"],
        Command3: ["Command D", "Command E"]
}
```
Then the manager will abort the upload request. The previous voice commands will remain available.

> If any individual voice command contains duplicate strings, they will be reduced to one. For example, if the voice commands to be sent are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Duplicates in The Same Command
If any individual voice command contains duplicate strings, they will be reduced to one. For example, if the voice commands to be sent are:
```

```
{
        Command1: ["Command A", "Command A", "Command B"],
        Command2: ["Command C", "Command D"]
}
```

> Then the manager will strip the duplicates to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Then the manager will strip the duplicates to:
```
